What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
     A .git group file is created to track any changes made to all file(s) added to the group/repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
     The staging area is a temporary holding area for original files prior to grouping them as a repository
     where any changes in the group will be tracked, commented, and easily reverted to an earlier save point.

     The working directory is the location of original files.  Any direct changes saved to the files in the
     working directory are simple over-writes of the data and are not tracked, commented, or easily reverted to an earlier
     point.

What value do you think it offers?
     The staging area gives us to make changes to a repository in a way that allows a logical progression
     for easy comparison, revision, or reversion to an earlier point.  It allows us to be
     sure our changes are the way we want prior to committing to them and to add comments for later reference.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
     Stage files upon completion of each set of related changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized?
     Branches would allow us to see when major changes were introduced.
How would branches help?
     Branches will allow us to see how the implementation of new features would affect the performance.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
     It makes it easy to see what features are carried through which branch and where they diverged.

What is the result of merging two branches together?
     Merging will combine any modifications made on selected branches into the main program.
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
     The diagram allows us to see the direct line of commits in the separate branches prior to the merge.
What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
